feat(gatsby-plugin-sharp): add defaultQuality option (#11884)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-sharp/README.md

}
```

### Setting a default quality

> You can set a default quality by passing the `defaultQuality` option to the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass a default image quality to `sharp` by setting the `defaultQuality` option.
```
